Add page about the social event (#734)
EuroPython/website: src/content/pages/social-event.mdx

---
title: Thursday Social Event
subtitle: Thursday Social Event
---
# Join Us For The Night Full Of Fun!
Located in the heart of Prague, the historic Gabriel Loci ex-monastery is our venue for our main social event featuring:
* **Board Games Night**: A dedicated area for playing board games.
* **Chit-Chat with a View**: Enjoy conversations with a stunning night view of Prague.
* **Chill and Quiet Spaces**: Plenty of area to relax.
* **Singing and Playing Instruments**: Bring your instruments and join us for a musical evening of singing and playing together!

![](./images/gl.jpg)

# Bring Your Board Games

> Bring your games! We will have an area dedicated to board games and encourage everyone to bring their own. Whether you're an experienced gamer or a novice, you're welcome to join!

Author: ```suggestion
We will have a dedicated area for board games! Whether you’re up for an epic night of strategy showdowns or some light-hearted fun, bring your favourite games and form your crews. Experienced gamers and novices alike are all welcome to join!
```
